Hello? Hi, this is Thomas from Reliable Controls. Is this Ryan? Yes. Hey, Ryan. I just was
wondering if I could look at your WebView issue with you. Sure. Yeah. Give me a
sec here. I'm just trying to get to my computer and then I'll connect to yours.
Do we have... Well, I'll get a remote access session going and then we'll look
at it here. And so, apparently, rebooting the computer seems to help? Or the
services? So, services does nothing. Rebooting the computer appears to be the
only thing that... Okay. ...actually coming back. And currently it's...
Currently it's working? Currently it's working. However, the errors are still
filing up. Is this your machine? Yeah. Yeah. So the log, it's still... I just want to log in. Yeah. And where do you see the error messages? Just as you're
navigating and stuff? Or... Because I was seeing that... No. So, in the event viewer, the server itself, these were the errors that were there when it wasn't
functional. And it's still, like, throwing them constantly. I have an idea on what's going on. I just want to check here. Yeah. All right. So, this is what's
happening. So, every day... Oh, that's a weird time. And this is why the
reboot fixes it, but the services don't. I bet this is the same thing.
Yeah. Okay. So, I don't know why this is happening, but I can at least show you
what is going on. So, I don't know what the trigger is. So, in the application
pool, we have all of these services. What's happening is this is being
disabled. Generally, when we see the... in the logs here, this 3 a.m. one
happening, where it's disabling it, is when the auto services can't shut down. So,
there's a rapid fail check that basically tries to shut down the
application pool. So, what I mean by that is all of these are our worker
processes for IIS. And when it goes to do a recycle, it dumps them all
and then restarts them. And these worker processes are basically things in
memory that allow IIS to load things quickly. So, if everybody always loads
the same pages, that would be a worker process. If a lot of people open a
certain trend log or the process of opening trend logs, that would be a
worker process. When the recycling happens at 3 a.m., the
rapid fail will try to close those processes 5 times. And if it fails, it
shuts down the application pool for that website. I do not know why, but
that's just what it does. So, that's what this one right here is. So, on
the 22nd, it shut the application pool down. It has nothing to do with our
services. It has everything to do with IIS. I'm super confused about this
other one at 7 a.m., though, because that wouldn't have been the
recycling time. But it, again, shut the application pool down.
Yeah, here it tries to shut the pool down for the process. It will probably
fail a bunch of times. And then it shuts the application pool down. So, if
it does happen, the easiest and quickest way to kind of fix it is
going into IIS. And here you will see a circle with a black box in it.
Just right-click and then start. And that will get it up and running again.
What we can also do is we can also turn off the rapid fail until we
figure out what's causing it to get into this state. It's probably not
suggested that we keep it that way, but at least for now, it means that
it's not going to shut down the IIS application pool. Do we want to do
that for now?
I would say so for now.
All right. Let's see if I remember how to do that here. It's been a
while.
I mean, one thing I will say is this server seems to be more
finicky than the other servers. Like, for example, on the other
servers, I can leave RC Studio open basically indefinitely.
If I leave RC Studio open on this server and then try to log back
into the remote desktop, generally RC Studio crashes.
Interesting.
I swear it was in here.
Just asking for a co-worker on where the rapid fail was, because
I was pretty sure it was in the advanced settings, but just
advanced settings looks very limited to what I'd normally see.
Oh,
it is under application pool. Yeah, okay.
Maybe. Ah, there we go.
What are the other information warnings in the event log for
like W3, WPEXE?
I don't know about the warnings information ones. I usually
don't worry about. I only really care about the errors and
the warnings.
Information is more, it's doing something in the background and
it might be a concern. It probably isn't. It was able to
figure out what it was supposed to.
These ones here.
Yeah, so that's something that comes up
all the time. And then the Windows error reporting, like
if you click on the Windows error reporting, that's where
you're seeing the apps crashing.
So that's what we looked at yesterday, and that's when
they re-installed a different .NET framework.
Yeah, I don't.
I don't know what this is. It's Windows reporting it, so
it's not one of our apps.
Like W3W is the IIS work processes.
Like this here.
Right.
Okay, let me turn off that rapid fail.
And that will at least give you
it for the
3 AM one that was happening.
I'm still curious on what happened at
7 AM
that caused it to happen again. This guy here.
It was 8 AM.
This morning, I don't know the exact time, or if you could
probably figure it out, but I upgraded RC WebView as part of
the, you know, the guidance. So the computer had to
restart this morning.
Yeah, that could be this.
Find out.
But it was not, yeah, it was not functional this morning
when I logged in for the first time, probably around
7.
And it was the same error that you were getting before?
On the website, it was showing up as, you know, 503 HTTP
server unavailable.
And then in the event log, it was the same list of
errors that I just showed you, where it was, you know,
information W3, whatever, app graph.
And then just out of curiosity, I checked the other
servers. None of them have these kind of
warnings or, you know,
I didn't really know what I'm looking at. But in the
event viewer in the same spot, there's none of this stuff.
Yeah. So I definitely, like the big red flag that I see
is definitely the application pool shutting down.
And that would definitely give you that error message
that you were getting and having to reboot it, fixing
it, but doing anything with those services wouldn't
because it was actually IIS that was the problem.
So all the symptoms that that is, to me,
indicate 100% that this is the IIS shutting down the
application pool.
I don't know about those other errors.
These are normal. As disgusting as I think they are,
they are normal.
Let's set this guy here.
There was nothing else happening in the system.
So why was it doing the application pool?
OK. And you said you rebooted at a certain point?
When you installed it?
Yeah, after I installed it, it forced the restart.
Yeah, it wasn't at eight o'clock, was it?
It was after that? Because I can definitely see
over here the processes were
rebooting.
To tell you the truth, I don't know the exact time.
It was somewhere around
somewhere between probably eight and nine AM.
Yeah, so I have, I sent the email to my office
at seven fifty seven that it was dead.
And then
seven fifty seven. OK.
I sent another email at eight thirty eight that I
dated RC WebView and it's currently running.
There are still errors in the event viewer.
Yeah, so seven fifty five is when the application pool stopped.
Sorry, I'm just talking to a co-worker here about this.
No worries.
He also finds it weird that the application pool
closed at seven fifty five this morning.
I'd be curious going back.
Is there a way to search if that happened?
Like, I think the other errors were on the twenty twenty seconds.
Yeah, I saw the twenty second.
Yeah, that was three AM.
Yeah, that was three AM.
So, I mean, that that is when the auto
whatever correction thing happens.
So that would have happened one more time after that,
I believe. After that or before that?
So there's a twenty second three AM application pool closed.
I believe it happened one more time after that because
they called me that they couldn't log in. I restarted it.
There was one before that on the nineteenth.
OK, that's maybe that's when the first one occurred.
That was also at three AM.
Yeah, that's a three AM one, too.
That's what I would expect. The seven AM one is the one
that's completely throwing me off.
I may have tried. Are you guys?
Are you guys doing auto backups in WebView?
For panel files?
Not 100 percent sure, I think so.
Can we check? Yeah.
Oh, my goodness, it's been a while.
If I remember correctly, it's.
Here. No disabled.
Are any others on?
That's interesting, because I see panel files.
It asked me to do a backup this morning.
Yeah, something else.
To while Liam is asking me questions here.
Six cores.
This is a pretty nice machine, actually, like the processing,
like 16 and one percent, 36 processors.
This seems pretty.
Pretty good. If I recall, it was like $20,000 or something.
OK, let me see. Did they talk to anybody? No.
OK, so here's where we're sitting right now.
One, I don't know why it's failing.
And so this is something that I'm going to have to get the team
to investigate, and I'm not sure what to collect with it.
So I'm going to talk to them about it.
Two, because I have turned off the rapid fail,
it should mean that you should never see this problem again
at the 3 a.m. recycling. OK.
But what I don't understand is why you add it happened
at almost eight o'clock this morning.
Makes absolutely no sense to me because it should have never done
the rapid fail, because it only does that during the recycle process.
So I'm a little bit concerned about why that happened.
But there's not much I could do about it.
Maybe the turning the rapid fail will also stop it from doing it at that time.
But again, it should only do that when it recycles.
So very much confused on why I did that.
But I'm hoping that with the changes we made, it's stable.
And then we can at least investigate further on why it's happening.
But your end user shouldn't run into any issues.
OK, sounds good.
Yeah, I mean, that sounds like the best we can do for now.
I'm going to grab the logs.
Here. And put that into the ticket.
And I'm going to poke. The software support guy.
Who's right now. Helping us, so see if he has any ideas.
But just so I'm understanding, you don't think this has anything to do with any kind of.
Back neck communications or no.
I mean, I mean, maybe so.
OK, go deeper into the application pools.
So the application pool should be opening and closing.
What it thinks it needs, right?
So if it does the main page and nobody goes to the main page,
it's supposed to drop it and it's supposed to grab a new one.
And there's 10 of these processes that happen.
When the recycling happens, it wants to dump them all and then it wants to make a new one.
And usually they're like empty and pretty small.
But when it fails, it's generally because something is holding it open.
Something is using it. Now, it's very unlikely that.
It is something so holding it open would be like somebody has loaded the website
because it can recycle it in between when it loaded and when it.
When they move off of it, like we're talking milliseconds here, right?
So the chances of it failing five times is very, very small on the same process
because it only matters when we ask for the information,
not that the information is open, because then it drops it
and then it just remakes it when somebody navigates into it.
So the question is, is why are these processes getting locked and why can't we close them?
And that could be because maybe we're updating things too quickly or something.
I don't know. We'd have to talk to a developer to figure out
why those processes aren't closing properly.
OK.
But it could be backnet communication. It could be something weird. But yeah.
Yeah, I'm just curious. I mean, the only thing that has changed recently is three units were moved
from the vivarium server to the academic server
by changing the backnet VPN and putting them on a VLAN.
That's the only change that has recently happened to...
And then I guess another system was added in the last two months or so.
Other than that, the server has been basically unchanged.
Yeah.
That's one of the reasons I was checking the resources,
because the resources might be an indication that we might be hitting the maximum resources
during this time period and it's unable to properly process the process workers.
But, I mean, this machine is so good, I don't think that's an issue.
Sorry, I'm just talking to the developer here.
All right. Give me a sec here.
Okay, I'm going to do a teams meeting with the developer and he's going to look at it with me.
You're only going to get half the conversation, me, because you won't be able to hear him.
And he won't be able to hear you. Good fun.
First, he's in a meeting, so even though he says I can pull him in.
I can't tell you, you're in a meeting.
All right, let's try it.
There we go.
Hey, so I'm actually on the phone with him.
No, but I can do it this way. It's just confusing because you guys can't hear each other.
So the machine is really good. I do not think that the machine's resources are any issues.
Yeah, look at how many cores.
So I see three... or I was just going to make a copy of this, but I'll show you anyway.
So I see three failures. I see one on the 19th and I see one on the 22nd.
Where is it? Up here? No. Oh, I blew past it. There it is.
That's the other one. So this is it trying to close the processes.
Couldn't, and then it closed the application pool.
The weird one is this guy down here.
It's the normal processes ones, but they're all different numbers.
So I don't know which one was the one that was hanging.
Which is annoying.
Yeah, but the rapid fail shouldn't shut the application pool down.
So it should continue running. It might run slower because the processes aren't being recycled.
And we could, but yeah, but that's only bandaging the situation, right?
So this is the one that concerns me because this is not at 3 a.m. when the recycling is happening.
So for some odd reason, it decided it was going to try to trash the processes, the application pool or the processes,
and it wasn't able to, and it shut the application pool down.
Yeah, I don't see anything in here. It's just IS.
Oh, there, yeah, yeah. Could do that.
Yeah.
Oh.
Oh.
Would the rapid fail stop that too?
No, but if I, okay, okay.
So Ryan, let's talk to the developer. If you add new systems, it will also try to stop and start the processes.
It doesn't recycle.
So nobody added anything to the, okay, darn. Nobody added anything.
Okay, and we're looking for...
Oh, what did I do?
No, okay.
I was getting confused.
I'm just quickly running down to the 22nd.
I might not be able to get to the 22nd.
Repeatedly.
Boom, right there.
So nothing.
Just the emails.
Ryan, according to these, just on a side note here...
Okay, so nothing to worry about then?
Okay.
Okay, well, I don't care about that.
That's not why we're here. And I don't think that's causing their issue.
So I'm going to ignore that one for now.
And that might be fixed in the future, so whatever.
Oh, that would be cool.
But again, nothing to do with this.
What was the other one that you wanted to look at?
You said exception logs, and you mentioned another one.
The audit log. Okay, where do I find that one?
Oh, all right.
Oh, yeah, yeah, yeah, okay. Duh.
Love that feature, by the way.
Awesome.
No, they're turning off the filter.
Well, it was the 25th.
I looked at the wrong one.
Oh, shoot.
Yeah, it's the 25th at 7.55.
No, nothing in that time period.
Except for the email errors.
Oh, shoot.
That means I was looking at the wrong place here.
No, nothing here either.
So we have no idea what triggered that.
Oh, before they reboot the computer.
Which process?
There are a bunch of those.
That's these guys, right?
Oh, because it's going to be hammering.
It's going to be huge.
Well, on...
Oh, and the application pool shuts.
Right, because the app...
Well, I mean, it might not be the last one.
It may be...
There might be three or something.
But, yeah, regardless.
Because the application pool...
Oh, but they have...
My only concern is that we might not see it.
Because they do have other web-based things on this machine.
So it would allocate those with other applications.
Right?
Because we should change that.
Darn.
So that doesn't tell us anything.
And then we can get a dump.
And then we can figure out...
Yeah, okay.
Yeah.
Okay.
Okay.
I mean, with the rapid fail-off, we might not get any.
Oh, yeah.
He is concerned about this.
Error message.
And it seems to be hammering it.
Sorry?
Does this...
Ryan, does this server...
Is it on the Internet?
It is not on the Internet.
It is not on the Internet.
Okay.
Hey, Ryan, the other ones that you were checking on
that you said didn't have the same error message,
are they on the Internet?
The other server that I checked, yes.
It has an Internet connection.
So what this is, is there is a crash that is happening in this
and it is trying to send that crash information to Microsoft.
And because it is not on the Internet,
that is why it is producing this error message.
Where do I put that?
Oh, okay.
I can do that.
But, I mean, what is the error message that is happening
that is causing it to try to send?
Okay, I...
It stopped.
Oh, okay, I see, I see.
And then it multi-spans it.
Oh, well, that could have been the trigger at 7 o'clock then.
Well, if it is trying...
Oh, okay.
I have to write this all down so that I can put it back.
Okay, that is...
Oh, really close.
Good random hit.
The archive message is also...
Well, there is this one, but I do not know what that is from.
Somebody is trying to...
Pardon me?
It seems to alternate between the two,
that it is looking for something from archive,
and then it goes into the...
Yeah, I do not know what is trying to get in with the wrong password.
Oh, I see, it is archive.
Yeah.
But, regardless, this is the time period, 7.55.
I am in application and there is nothing there.
Yeah, but I am in 5.48 and 5.58.
And nothing between.
Check the system one.
7.55, was not it?
Was not where I was sitting?
No, you were at 5.55.
Oh, gosh, numbers, I tell you.
Oh, closer.
Errrt.
It is exactly the same.
Oh, this is PM.
Shit, day yesterday.
Oh, man.
See, this is why you do not let me do things.
Oh, there was some red stuff there.
Oh, he did update the software this morning.
But not during that time.
I am scrolling, by the way.
Probably...
That is useful.
No, that is also useful.
I mean, the first one happened on the 19th.
I do not know if the log is going to go to the 19th.
Sorry, I was just checking to see if there was anything on the 19th.
I do not know, there is updates happening.
Yeah.
Good point.
All right, sorry, what did you want me to look at?
Like PowerShell?
No.
I am here now.
Okay, what was it?
Oh.
I was writing copy-paste.
I should ask, is this going to take a while?
That is what they originally tackled on this ticket.
They tried to update to, I believe, the latest bundles.
Because they were getting different error messages before, if you look at the ticket.
So they had 6.0, 15, 6.0, 35, and then 8.04.
And I think...
And I think we told them...
I think we told them to upgrade to the 7 bundle.
And then it was happy and then it crashed again.
From the ticket?
No, I do not think so.
But I mean, the initial call was that the application pool was stopped.
They tried to stop and start the services, which of course did not help.
And then they rebooted the computer and then it worked.
Because of course it did, because the application pool started again.
He does have the event viewer from back then.
No, it is only just going to tell us that the application pool had stopped and that is it.
Yeah, I called you...
No, I called you just before this one.
And it went right to voicemail because I think you were still in the meeting.
Well, I am sorry. I am pulling you out of a meeting.
I am not.
Wow, that is insane.
Oh, hi.
Is there anything that you want? Do you want like the event viewer thing?
Well, the old one was from yesterday, so probably.
They just won't have this morning's one.
Wow, look at all the language packs they have installed on this thing.
Interesting.
Sure.
I was going to give it to you, but I couldn't find it for some odd reason.
My mouse go. Ah, crap. Oh, there it is.
Oh, come on. Drop it in.
Sorry, it is because I am trying to do things on my machine.
And it is not letting me, because every time you click and move, it is trying to paste what I was trying to copy.
No, no. Do yours. Do yours. It is fine.
Yeah, go ahead, dig. I have the file on my machine. I can copy it into the ticket later.
He has been on that call for a really long time.
Where?
Is that good or bad?
Poor Ryan. I think he went for lunch.
I am still here.
I know.
Maybe it is not on.
That is a lie. The top one says 937.
Oh, yeah, yeah.
I am amazed you can read that.
That is going to be a big one.
That was like almost 10 gigabytes.
Oh, megabytes. Yes, sorry.
Almost everything on that page is all at the same time.
Yes.
I like nine something, I think.
No idea.
It is for now, it is almost two o'clock for them.
Yes, but that is going to be relevant to their current location too, right?
This could not have anything to do with like failed email alerts or anything like that, right?
We do not think so.
If it was sucking all the resources on the machine, maybe.
But your machine is so beefy that I do not think that those emails or anything would cause problems.
Right, because I had just seen when you were going before through that it seems...
We have tried to configure email alarms and I just kind of forgot to...
I have to bother their IT department. For some reason it appears that they are blocking port so we were never able to actually get the email alarms configured.
So I just seen when you were scrolling through there, you know, giving a bunch of errors or not being able to send emails.
Earlier when I was talking about that is not the problem we are having, I am ignoring that. That was that.
Yeah, I think they are blocking a port or... I mean obviously the machine...
Routing issue or something.
Very difficult to get in touch with their IT or get anyone who is willing to help.
Yeah, so we saw that. We saw that in the exception logs within WebView and we also saw it in your audit trail.
Right.
But we do not think it is an issue.
Yeah. Well, so Chris, they are saying that they set it up but IT has basically not allowed it to happen.
So the alarms are set up but it is not going anywhere.
Correct. And they probably have not set up the ports or they have not set up routing so that it can get to the email server.
So that is why they are getting the error messages.
You should be able to copy it.
Oh, really?
Oh, is the scan now finished yet?
Probably.
There you go.
Close it.
I guess another question. Is it possible to force it to do the rapid...
whatever it was called?
The rapid tail?
Yeah, instead of waiting until 3 a.m.
Like, can you force it to see if that is causing it every single time or...
Well, that is 100% what those two, three o'clock were.
I do not know about the 7.55.
Chris, is there a way of triggering the rapid fail so we can see what is going on?
And then turn the rapid fail back on?
Oh, and see if they end.
Yeah? Do you want to try that?
I currently have rapid fail off.
I do not know how to do that. I was hoping you did.
Do you just end task them all?
Some of them are already getting pretty big.
That should be fine.
That is an excellent question, Chris.
Sounds good.
I guess then we will actually have the numbers...
and the pin loops so we can see if any of them change.
We are going to try, Ryan.
We are going to reset the application pool and then see if any of the services get stuck.
We have rapid fail off, so it should not...
it should not shut it down, but we can see if any of the processes are getting stuck.
And then we can grab that process if it is stuck,
and then we can get a dump from it and figure out why it is in that state.
That looks like it did them all.
And it just got big.
Oh, get a dump.
I do not think it is going to finish.
No, I do not think it is going to finish.
Oh, it is going to continue doing that.
Did you get it?
Ah, no, it has got a squiggly line in there, so that is not going to paste.
Yeah, all right.
Fair.
As long as there is not more than one.
And then...
it should just be a file.
Man, look at it now, Chris.
No, no, look at the size of it.
Oh, I totally missed that.
On the very bottom.
Oh, it went down.
No, it went up. But that size is bigger.
Look at that bad boy.
Oh, do we need to copy it first?
Oh, no, you got it.
No, 1K.
Oh, do not delete this.
If it still does not let you do it here,
yeah, copy and then paste it just right in the same folder.
Or, sure, desktop. Why not?
And then you should be able to zip it.
See how small it gets.
Zipped pretty quick.
All right.
That is going to fail.
Yeah.
Screen Connect hates it when you do it this way.
Oh, if you do that, it is going to hang for a while.
Yep, exactly.
And I do not want to do it while it is doing the other one.
Yeah.
I still have to copy it to my computer so I can put it in the ticket.
So should we stop that process because it is still growing?
Okay, fair.
I am not even touching my computer.
Yeah, I will probably get about 90% and then just fail.
I should have done the send.
I am wondering if Screen Connect does that on purpose so that you can't...
hackers can't use it to pull all the information off the machines.
That is true. That works. Yeah, true. I guess that is not the point.
That is not going to fit in the ticket system either.
I am probably going to have to make a link to a Dropbox.
Oh, the ones from the pool?
Or the event viewer?
Not at 90 yet.
It is still moving.
I am assuming you want me to make a JIRA ticket for this?
Okay. Yep.
You are currently on the computer that I would make the JIRA ticket in, so I will wait.
Oh, it worked.
It is still growing.
And process it?
No, it is not.
Oh, what is running? What it is doing?
Analyze weight chain?
Go to services?
Oh, I just did a properties on it.
And it says it is only 26 kilobytes.
Oh, yeah, not memory.
Yeah.
Haha, that is me typing.
I will let you type.
Oh.
I was about to say we did not make a picture. Oh, yeah.
We did not make a picture to see. No, that is the same number, isn't it?
Should we get a dump of that one, too?
No, I think it is going to be the same as the other one.
I am suspecting, too, when you look at the dump, that it is going to be the same stuff that is dropping into the memory.
Because it seems to be the same size that it is incrementing it at.
So it is taking whatever it is and just dumping it back into the memory and then do it again, do it again, do it again.
Yeah.
Well, the dump file is probably going to give you much better information on what is going on.
That is what I was going to ask you.
We have the new event viewer. We have the dump.
I would like to not have it in this state when we leave.
Can we end task or end the process?
Yeah.
Right. And that is why the rapid fail is triggering.
Well, it is probably because it is writing to it at the same time that it is trying to shut it down.
And that is why it is taking so much longer.
Yeah, but I suspect that that is over time, right?
This is rapidly growing.
I did not see that with the others.
But those high ones could be also what is causing the rapid fail to fail because it takes longer for that.
Yeah, they are taking too long to restart.
Now, we ran into a rapid fail issue many, many moons ago before I think you were even around.
And we talked to Chris H. about potentially like maybe we should turn rapid fail off. Maybe we should increase it.
And he basically said no.
We could definitely do it here. We can try to increase the tries and the time.
But that is meaning that this site is going to be set up differently than other sites?
No.
Currently, even the rapid fail being off is probably not the greatest thing, but it will potentially stop the 3 a.m. crash of the application pool.
Yeah, so right click on the application pool.
And then go...
Oh, sorry. Just click on it.
And then go to set application pool defaults.
And then just where that is down a little bit.
Right there.
Yeah, off on fail interval. So five minutes and minimum fail. And then the yours recycling.
Oh, recycling is currently off.
Oh no, disabling is off. Why do we phrase things like that? Oh, horrible.
But it's above that that you're looking at for the rapid fail protection.
So we could increase the minutes there and we could increase the time. Or the times.
Yeah.
Do we want to grab that one and see why that one is increasing?
Because you said that the processes shouldn't be as big as they were, right?
Oh, the other ones stopped going up.
The first one hasn't changed. And now the second one is expanding.
Might be the same issue, just went to a different process.
Well, I think that having that rapid fail off for now is going to make it so that they can actually not have to worry about it currently.
No. Once the application shuts down, it shuts down.
Well, let me just check mine here because...
Yeah, yeah. Don't touch that. Let me just check. This is my machine.
So that one is growing pretty big. But yeah, those are good sizes too.
Oh yeah, that's true. Yeah. And now it's going down.
So that must be the main thread that's moving around then.
Now this one is going back up. Oh, so is this one. Yeah.
Got this one too?
Do you just need the DMP file?
Because you already have the folder, right?
And what's the other one you want?
The big, the 500 one again? Okay.
Whoa! I dumped it and it just doubled.
Why?
Oh, wow. Okay.
All right.
Yeah, looking at the dump files.
Yep. All right.
All right.
Hey, Ryan. Yep.
So much one-sided conversations. I apologize.
So we're...
I don't know if you're looking at the screen or not,
but the interesting thing that we're seeing is these files,
these processes are growing bigger and bigger and bigger.
And when we try to reset it,
it takes a very long time for those really big files
to be actually closed.
And so what we're thinking is happening is those big files
are the ones that are causing the rapid fail to trigger
and make it so that it can't close properly
and then it closed the application pool.
So I've grabbed all three dumps.
So from the first one that we did and these two big files,
and we're going to check to see
why those are
growing the way they are, because they shouldn't be.
They should be small like these other ones,
and they might go up to like
this big here, the bottom one,
and then kind of like go up and down as they go
and not what they're doing.
Big guy. Let's try the other way.
File or receive a file? Receive a file.
That's my computer.
And a file.
Up. Nope, that's my computer too.
What?
Up.
Oh!
Am I on your computer that's then connected to the server
or am I actually on the server?
You're on my computer,
which is remote desktop into the server.
Lovely. Okay, that's why I can't copy it across.
What you're looking at now should be the server.
So if you go up to the top, you should be able to get back.
I'm trying to copy this big file.
Right. I think you got to copy it to my computer first
and then to my computer.
Yeah, I'm trying to skip that and go straight to mine.
Will it let you?
The first one did.
I already got the first one and I got the event viewer file
and now I'm trying to grab this other two dump files,
but they're even bigger.
It says I'm at 5 minutes 30 seconds, so...
Yeah, I'm on a cellular connection, so...
Oh! Okay, even worse.
Might be me slowing things down.
No, it seems to be going surprisingly quick.
It's not five minutes.
It's a 332 megabyte file that it's copying.
Well, while this copies, I'm going to go make a ticket here for Chris.
We, of course, have multiple ticketing layers.
Yay.
And you have 316.1, correct?
Yeah.
But the nice thing is with the rapid fail down,
it never caused you any issues.
The thing never shut down or anything.
So, good news.
That being turned off seems to be helping.
Right.
I'd be curious if the other machines are...
I mean, I would assume they have the rapid fail on.
Yeah, but this machine is doing something different when it comes to the processes,
and we're not sure what it is.
It could be .NET, it could be something else,
but that's basically what's making those processes expand.
So, like, when I checked my machine, my machine had nothing over, like, 10 megabytes.
And that was the main process.
In this case, we're seeing processes expand, expand, expand.
At one point, I wanted to do a dump, and when I failed.
When I did the dump, it basically crashed.
Gotcha.
I mean, it didn't crash. It increased the size by double.
So, it was like at 600 megabytes, and it went to 1.2 gigabytes.
We're like, oh, that's not right.
Got it.
Not what I signed up for when I thought it was temperature control.
I'm a mechanical guy.
Yeah, I really feel bad.
I'm now with this company in seven years,
and in the seven years, I find that...
And it's not just us, it's other manufacturers, too,
but the technology and skill set that people need now
in order to be able to do their HVAC systems is insane.
Yeah.
I don't think you went to school to figure out
how to use IAS or SQL or SSMS.
No, and honestly, I've never seen it.
Ethernet networking and...
Yeah.
Steam? I love steam, but hot water or chilled water.
I'm just always surprised.
You feel like this stuff has been around for so long
that you think by now it would just be so robust and straightforward.
But even just trying to start up a chiller or something,
it's still like...
It feels like the first time every time for some reason.
Yeah.
Well, I mean, everything is changing, too, right?
We have three lines of controllers now.
We've been in the industry for 40 years or something, or 30 years,
and we have three lines of a product.
We have the Mock, we have the Mock Pro, and now we have the Flex.
Right.
And even those have versions within them.
So every time we come up with something new,
there's potential for one, change, and two,
that something isn't working correctly right out of the gate.
But then every time we add fixes, we also add features.
Right. Yeah.
I'm just saying from a mechanical perspective,
it's just kind of funny because, I mean,
a chiller from 1940 is basically the same as a chiller from 2025.
That's true, yeah.
But we're still doing the same stuff.
Pumping water around, heating it up, cooling it down.
I always thought that was weird, like computers depreciate in value
because the technology surpasses the old technology,
and the old technology becomes worthless, right?
Right.
But cars, we're still paying the same amount for cars,
even though it's been around for like 150 years,
and it's literally the same technology.
Yeah. Yeah, no, I complain to my wife about that all the time.
Especially when you have problems with your car or engine.
I think GM has some ridiculous recall for like a million V8s or something,
and it's like, has it been making V8s since 1950?
What? What?
Yeah.
But all it is is just an explosion of pushing pistons
that turns a crankshaft and turns the wheels.
It's like...
And then, yeah, but this one has a turbocharger,
and it's like, oh, so you're pumping air into the engine.
Like, it's still the same explosion.
It's still the same motion.
We just tweaked it more, and I have to pay...
So that's why they start adding all the new features in cars, right?
Oh, electric windows, so we can charge you still the same price.
Oh, a rear view camera, so we can still charge you the same price.
Yeah.
It's ridiculous.
Mind you, it's also super weird in the contents of...
a car company makes cars,
but the people that sell it determine how much they sell it for?
Yeah, all of it is...
very backwards.
Gas is weird, too.
Like, yeah, prices fluctuate,
but you sell based on how much you paid for it,
not what the market says it is worth.
Right.
Like, oh, the gas prices are going up. We're all increasing our prices.
It's like, but you didn't pay it at the increased amount.
Right, right.
Like, shouldn't your prices go up after you buy the merchandise?
But they wouldn't be able to make so many profits.
Exactly, right?
Because they probably know when the price is going up.
They quickly get tankers to come in and fill their tanks.
At the cheaper price.
The price goes up, and then they all crank their prices up,
and they make a huge margin.
We live in an island, so our prices are actually a little bit more expensive than everybody else.
I got the dumb part.
Yeah, if things go completely sideways here in the US,
I was like, ah, maybe Vancouver sounds nice.
So our prices are a little bit more.
We also pay a carbon tax.
In the city.
So it's a little bit more in the cities.
Oh, where was I going to get to?
Darn, I got derailed.
I derailed myself.
Oh, well.
Oh, yeah, when it's long weekends, all the prices go up.
Right before the long weekend.
It's ridiculous.
Alright, I've got the files.
I think we should be good.
I'm going to keep the auto or the rapid fire off.
We're going to keep the recycling on.
So it's going to try to recycle the pools when it can.
At 3 a.m.
There is a chance that
some of the pools are going to get really big.
So I guess kind of keep an eye on that.
I don't even know what I'd be looking at.
So is this something I should call back on Monday or?
Yeah, we could look at it again on Monday.
I mean, I assume you guys don't have anyone over the weekend, is there?
No, we don't.
Oh, that's the one that was open, the gateway.
Okay, cool.
I suspect with the rapid fail off, you're going to be okay.
I don't think it's going to crash or anything like that.
Okay.
So the end user should be happy and that should be fine.
But we've got the jump files.
We'll look into what's happening there and then
hopefully we'll get an answer to you on
what we're doing or how we're going to fix it.
Although it might be a bit before it fix.
So for now, keeping the rapid fail off is fine.
Okay.
All right.
Sounds good.
Do you want me to call Daryl and give him an update?
He has CC'd on the ticket.
So if I just reply a ticket, it should be okay?
Yeah.
If you didn't mind calling him because he's a little more
technical on this side of things than me.
And he's the owner or one of the owners.
He sent us an email about concern of this.
And so, and then I did talk to him before I talked to you.
And then he's like, please call Ryan.
I'm like, all right.
Yeah, basically, I'm the PM that runs NYU.
So I have the most familiarity with it.
But he's a little bit more savvy with the computer side of things.
So yeah, just give him a call and just fill him in.
I don't know if he's going to understand any more than I do.
But I think he will.
All right, cool. I will give him a call and just give him a heads up.
All right. Thank you.
All right. Bye.
Have a good one.
